NOTE: This procedure is only valid when using SLiRP as network
      interface. PCAP cannot be used for netbooting. 

      It is not possible to extract images of magneto-optical 
      disks using ditool. Netbooting NeXTstep 0.9 only works 
      using ROM 0.8 and netbooting NeXTstep 1.0 and later only 
      works using ROM 1.0 and later.

      Before you start you need these things:
      a  ditool: This command line utility comes with Previous. 
         It can extract files from raw disk images with NeXT 
         (UFS) file systems to a directory and prepare it for 
         netboot. To call ditool you have to specify the path and 
         name of the utility, the input file and the output 
         directory on the command line. 
      b  image.dd: This is the raw disk image you want to extract 
         to some directory. It contains a bootable NeXTstep 
         system. To extract it you have to specify the name of 
         the image including the path to it after the "-im" 
         option when calling the ditool utility.
      c  nfsdir: This is the directory you want to share with the 
         guest system via NFS. It is recommended to start with an 
         empty directory. The bootable raw disk image will be 
         extracted to this directory. During netboot it will be 
         mounted at / on the guest system. To copy the bootable 
         system to it you have to specify the path to the 
         directory after the "-out" option when calling the 
         ditool utility.


NOWTO: Setup netboot under NeXTstep 1.0 and later:

1. From the command line on your host system use the following 
   command to extract your image (add the path where ditool is 
   located in front of its name, replace image.dd with the path 
   and name of the image you want to extract and replace nfsdir 
   with the path to the directory you want to use for netboot):
      ditool -im image.dd -out nfsdir -netboot

2. You can now netboot by setting "NFS shared directory" in the
   "Network" options to nfsdir and "Boot device" from "Boot" 
   options to "Ethernet".

3. During the boot process you will be asked to press 'c' to 
   continue without parent NetInfo server. Just do so. If you 
   want to get rid of this message appearing on every boot, open 
   NetManager (you find it in /NextAdmin directory), go to 
   "Local..." and set "Network Type" to "Non-NetInfo Network".
   Note that on NeXTstep 3.0 and later "NetManager" is called 
   "HostManager", "Network Type" is called "NetInfo Binding" and 
   "Non-NetInfo" is called "Use local domain only".


NOWTO: Setup netboot under NeXTstep 0.9:

1. Prepare the image you want to use for netboot by setting up 
   networking using the procedure from networking.howto.txt. 

2. From your guest system open Shell (you find it in /NextApps 
   directory) and copy some files using these commands from the 
   command line:
      su
      cp /sdmach /private/tftpboot/mach
      cp /usr/standalone/boot /private/tftpboot
      cp /etc/fstab /me
      cp /etc/hosts /me

3. Go to the /me directory and open the file "fstab". Remove all 
   lines not starting with # and add these two lines at the end 
   of the file:
      shared.local:/ / nfs rw,noauto 0 0
      shared.local:/private /private nfs rw,noauto 0 0

4. Go to the /me directory and open the file "hosts". Append 
   these two lines at the end of the file:
      shared.local:/ / nfs rw,noauto 0 0
      shared.local:/private /private nfs rw,noauto 0 0

5. Shut down the guest system and from the command line on your 
   host system use the following command to extract your image 
   (add the path where ditool is located in front of its name, 
   replace image.dd with the path and name of the image you want 
   to extract and replace nfsdir with the path to the directory 
   you want to use for netboot):
      ditool -im image.dd -out nfsdir

6. Using your host system replace the files "fstab" and "hosts" 
   in the directory "nfsdir/private/etc/hosts" with the copies 
   located in the directory "nfsdir/me".

7. You can now netboot by setting "NFS shared directory" in the
   "Network" options to nfsdir and "Boot device" from "Boot" 
   options to "Ethernet".


NOTE: The procedures in ditool's netboot preparation routines are 
      derived from what the "newclient" script from NeXTstep does 
      when called like this:
         su
         newclient -s shared.local previous
