WARNING: Do not start NeXTstep 0.8 or 0.9 with Ethernet 
         connected. The system hangs in the boot process. If it 
         hangs also with disconnected Ethernet you can proceed by          
         simultaneously pressing 'ctrl'+'c'.

NOTE:    This procedure is only valid when using SLiRP as 
         networking interface.
   
FIXME:   There is no procedure for setting up networking on 
         NeXTstep 0.8 and 0.9 yet. Make sure Ethernet is 
         disconnected when booting NeXTstep 0.8 or 0.9.


NOWTO: Setup networking on NeXTstep 1.0 and later:

1. On first boot you might be prompted to press 'c' or you might 
   be dropped to the single user mode console. If prompted to 
   press 'c' just do so or if on the single user mode console 
   just type "exit" to continue booting.

2. Open "/etc/resolv.conf" and add "nameserver 10.0.2.3". If this 
   file does not exist, you have to first create it. Be sure you 
   create a plain text file. If you use Edit.app you can do this 
   by selecting Format > Text > Make ASCII. You can save the file 
   from the save dialog by typing "/etc/resolv.conf" to the name 
   field.

3. This step is only required on NeXTstep 2.0 and later:
   Open "/etc/hosts" and append the following line:
   10.0.2.15	XXX (replace XXX with your hostname, see 4c)

   Open Terminal (you find it in NextApps directory) and load the 
   edited file using these commands:
   su
   niload hosts / < /etc/hosts 

4. Open NetManager (you find it in NextAdmin directory).

   Go to "Local..." and configure with these values:
   a  For "Network Type" select  "Non-NetInfo Network"
   b  For "Yellow Pages Domain Name" select "None"
   c  Choose a hostname (choose whatever you want, see step 3)
   d  Set "Address" to "10.0.2.15"
   e  Set "Router" to "10.0.2.2"
   f  Set "Broadcast Address to "10.0.2.255"
   g  Set "Netmask" to "255.255.255.0"
   h  Hit "OK" and confirm all messages. It will reboot. Done.

NOTE: On NeXTstep 3.0 and later NetManager is called HostManager, 
      "Network type" is called "NetInfo Binding" and "Non-NetInfo 
      Network" is called "Use local domain only".
      On NeXTstep 2.0 and later "Yellow Pages Domain Name" is 
      called "NIS Domain Name".


HOWTO: Open and save the above files using root privileges:

   a  Open Terminal (you find it in the NextApps directory) and 
      open "/etc/hosts" using these commands:
      su
      open /etc/hosts
   b  Edit the file as described above.
   c  On NeXTstep 1.0 through 2.2 close the file. When asked if 
      you want to save changes, confirm it. On NeXTstep 1.0 
      through 2.2 the procedure is done and you can skip step d.
      On NeXTstep 3.0 and later save a copy of the file to your 
      home folder by selecting File > Save As... and writing
      "~/hosts" to the name field.
   d  Open Terminal and copy the file to its destination using 
      these commands:
      su
      cp ~/hosts /etc

NOTE: This procedure is valid for editing "/etc/hosts". For 
      creating "/etc/resolv.conf" skip step a and start by 
      creating a new file in Edit.app. Then proceed with step b.
